this episode of Android Q&A is sponsored
by Netflix to get a free 30-day trial
membership go to netflix.com forward
slash Android and sign up now welcome
back to Android weekly my name is Jace
and it is my sad duty to inform you that
a bird has died that's correct the
flappy bird creator who enjoyed wild
success with his painfully annoying yet
addictive app has announced that I am
sorry flappy bird users 22 hours from
now i will take flappy bird down because
and I quote I can't take this anymore
now it can't be the fifty thousand
dollars a day he's earning from the game
so what must be that Mario called and
wants his pipes back
now Mario calling might not really be
that far off even though the developer
and fatica claims is not due to legal
reasons he says that he simply can't
handle the intense media pressure we
gotta believe that Mario really did call
with a cease and desist letter moving on
to news for all you Nexus fans according
to a report out of Taiwan HTC might be
the next brand to jump into the Nexus
arena with a brand-new tablet scheduled
for later this year 2014 now some are
you thinking wait a minute last week
were heard the strong rumor that Nexus
was going to die as of 2015 and that
still may be so this may have been a
deal that was already in the pipe before
Google made a deal with Samsung so does
this mean that Nexus is getting an
extended life where the rumor is bunk
tell me in the comments below if this
rumor turns out to be true it could mean
great things for HTC as it's been a long
time since they've entered the tablet
market if you like their Nexus tablet
you're much more likely to buy another
HTC device moving on to leaks about the
HTC One successor the new HTC device
could launch as early as late March at
New York says plugged in evleaks but if
you were expecting a brand new look you
might be in for disappointment evleaks
has an impressive track record when it
comes to leaks and HTC is his specialty
he's done so well that he's drawn the
anger of an HTC executive who accused
him of causing HTC millions of dollars
with his tweets the leakers latest gem
relates to the release date of the
much-anticipated GCM 8 which will soon
take the ones place as HTC's flagship it
would likely be launched in late March
in New York and look a lot like the
original HTC One and many of you will be
happy to know that we have further
evidence that the galaxy s5 will be
launching in a couple of weeks Samsung
just announced its first unpack event
for 2014 and it looks like we'll be
starting off with the Samsung Galaxy s5
launched on februari 24th at the Mobile
World Congress the invitation says the
probable galaxy s5 launch will take
place in Barcelona at 8pm like all other
Samsung unpacked events this one will be
streamed on samsung's youtube channel
and recent rumors have surfaced that the
galaxy s5 will come in two models one
with a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 800
and 2 gigs of RAM and the other one with
an 8
or Samsung Exynos 5430 and three gigs of
ram the phone is expected to have a 5.2
inch 2560 x 1440 pixel display a
2-megapixel front-facing camera and a 16
megapixel rear facing camera there's
also a strong possibility that samsung
will include a fingerprint scanner to
better compete with Apple's iPhone 5s of
course and there's more flagship
goodness coming from LG with the LG g2
pro ahead of LG's expected official
launch at the Mobile World Congress this
februari the Korean manufacturer is
releasing information about the upcoming
phone's camera capabilities the g2 pro
will be equipped with upgrades to the
optical image stabilizer which the
company is calling o is plus in addition
to the promised crystal clear photos the
software has had some updates HD quality
video shot at one point for speed for
slow motion playback Ultra HD 3840 x
2160 video capture and 20 shot camera
burst mode with new photo effects by
combining all 20 shots into one thanks
for watching android army my name is
Jace and you should know that it links
below or all the articles I spoke about
today I'd love to connect with you here
also on Google+ or Twitter you don't
want to forget about my brothers and
Android Josh Joe in the tech ninja Kevin
and you have about 12 hours left to beat
my flappy bird score happy clappy